FF5r Three Slots - by HatZen08
------------------------------
Created for Final Fantasy 5r by Hatzen08 at the request of Gens.

The rom must be unheadered.

Recommended
Type A: Lets you customize the 1st, 2nd & 3rd Ability slots. Item will always be available as the 4th command.

Type B: Lets you customize the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th Ability slots; makes 1st command Fight for all Jobs except Hunter and Paladin (they retain Aim and Mimic).

Developer Mode
Type D: Lets you customize the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th Ability slots. No speical handling for the FF5r 1st slot Commands. May cause bugs (see History section)!


Details:
--------
These patches must be applied to an FF5r rom with English translation (either Serity's FF5R or FF5r Clean).
The rom must be unheadered.

Three versions are available: A, B, and D. Versions A and B are recommend for most players.

The D version may be useful for hackers, as it can cause bugs.

History:
--------
The original Final Fantasy 5 Three Slots Patch allows all jobs to have three selectable slots for Abilities. Due to big changes to the game logic in FF5r "under the hood", it is not compatible with the FF5r mod. This version of the Three Slots Patch was adapted by HatZen08 for compatibility for FF5r. It will not work with the original Final Fantasy 5 game!!

Version A allows the first three slots to be customizable for all Jobs. It was designed around FF5r's Paladin job.

The B & D versions allow the last three slots to be customizable, leaving whatever is the first ability unchanged. In most Jobs "Fight" is the first command. B version was adjusted from D to avoid the interesting issue seen in D version, which is as follows...

Because FF5r can have different commands as the Job defaults, the Paladin job will receive an empty command as their first default command. Version D will therefore bug the game if all chosen abilities are passive abilities-- because there isn't a single choose-able command in the menu!

However, this version may be useful for hackers that prefer the original design of the three last customizable slots and who have edited the default Paladin command so it's not blank. Use with caution!

To recap, Version B is the fix of Version D. Use B for normal play if you want the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th Ability slots flexbile for all Jobs.